# Nippon Manga

"Nippon Manga" is a user-friendly manga reading application that grants access to a diverse library of Japanese comics. It boasts an intuitive interface, customizable reading preferences, and employs AI technology to automatically identify and tag potentially sensitive or NSFW content. This feature promotes a safer and more tailored reading environment, catering to various user preferences and age groups.

## How it is built?


- *Django:* A Python web framework known for rapid development and scalability.
  
- *React(TypeScript):* A popular JavaScript library for building interactive user interfaces.
  
- *Redux(TypeScript):* A predictable state container for JavaScript apps, commonly used with React.

- *NextUI:* For sleek, fast, and responsive web app interfaces with intuitive components and developer-friendly design.







These technologies collectively power the "Nippon Manga" application, enabling efficient development, dynamic user interfaces, and streamlined state management for an engaging and seamless manga reading experience.

## Set Up Local enviorment 


`git clone git@github.com:utkarshdagoat/ServerSentinels.git && git clone https://github.com/TheHamkerCat/NSFW_Detection_API.git`
<br>

`cd frontend && yarn && yarn dev --port 5173` 
<br>

`cd backend && python -m venv venv && source venv/bin/activate && pip install -r requirements.txt && python manage.py runserver `

### Running the detection model 
Follow the instructions  <a href="https://github.com/TheHamkerCat/NSFW_Detection_API">Here </a>


## Images ui



## Application Flow 
- *Login Page:* Create a new account or login on an existing one.

- *Landing Page:* First page of web app. See the latest uploads by the people as well as your recent uploads.Jump right into any manga by clicking on it.

- *Manga Description Page:* Here we see the main page of the manga and the chapter list. Click on any chapter to start reading. Also shows the author, the NFSW tags generated by our AI model. Like and rate any manga, and also see other relevant info.

- *Reading Page:* Read the manga from this page. Scroll down to move. To jump to the top, click on the jump to top button. Switch between chapters using the drop-down menu or the previous and next buttons.

- *Navbar:* Use it to move to the Landing page, no matter where you are. You can also do other functionalities from the drop down meny

Drive Link for video: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1fEldvvxaUDdxhud0PO0WzCqM4YSVY1tL?usp=sharing